Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Answer:

Old method:
Number of common friends between two candidates

New method:
Similarity between users = (Number of common friends between two candidates)/(Sum of total number of friends of each candidate)

Similarity(Jill Stein, Gary Johnson) = 237/(1642+3509) = 0.046

Similarity(Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump) = 2/(783+45) = 0.002

By this method we still see that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump






2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Answer:

Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump follow the "WhiteHouse" as both the candidates were contesting to become the President of the
United States of America and so following the WhiteHouse will allow them to be updated about the administration of the country.

Donald Trump follows the Vice President, Mike Pence as both of them are of the Republic party and Hillary Clinton who is a Democrat
also follows the Vice President to be updated about the actions of the Republicans as she does not follow Donald Trump. So the only
option would be to follow the Vice President.






3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Answer:

This difference might be because Gary Johnson might be a active user and Donald Trump might not be an active user of twitter.
A quick glance of the twitter accounts followed by Donald Trump shows that he only follows his family members and the twitter accounts
of his estates. This could affect our analysis as there is an incomplete data about Donald Trump and incorrect facts could be
predicted due to the lack of data.





4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Answer:

Jill Stein has 1644 followers, Gary Johnson has 3511 followers, Hillary Clinton has 784 followers and Donald Trump has 45 followers
totaling to 5984 followers. 273 out of 5984 are followed by more than one candidate and one request will be sufficient to fetch data
resulting in 5711 requests to be made.

The twitter rate limiting window allows 15 requests per window session.
So 5711/15, i.e. we would need 380 window sessions to fetch all the data, which will take approximately 5700 minutes to collect the data.
